Add CVE-2024-50550 to the KEV table (#197)
Ostorlab/KEV: README.md

| CVE ID                                                  | Implemented | Detail                                                  | Published Date |
|:--------------------------------------------------------|:-----------:|:--------------------------------------------------------|:--------------:|

> | CVE-2024-50550                                          |      ✅      | Custom Exploit by Ostorlab: included in Agent Asteroid. |   2024-10-29   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CVE-2024-50550                                          |      ✅      | Custom Exploit by Ostorlab: included in Agent Asteroid. |   2024-11-01   |
```
it's not published yet.

Author: No this is the date the nvd publish the vuln
